1. Which Linear Regression training algorithm can you use if you have a
training set with millions of features?

Various Gradient Descents


2. Suppose the features in your training set have very different scales.
Which algorithms might suffer from this, and how? What can you do
about it?


Regularized models such as Rigde or Lasso Regressions also gradient descent. Data could be scaled to help it.

3. Can Gradient Descent get stuck in a local minimum when training a
Logistic Regression model?

No

4. Do all Gradient Descent algorithms lead to the same model, provided
you let them run long enough?

Unless they run into a local minimum, they reach values that are very similar



5. Suppose you use Batch Gradient Descent and you plot the validation
error at every epoch. If you notice that the validation error consistently
goes up, what is likely going on? How can you fix this?

If it's both for validation and training data then the learning rate is too large, should reduce it. If just the validation data, then overfitting & should stop training.


6. Is it a good idea to stop Mini-batch Gradient Descent immediately when
the validation error goes up?

No, should continue on for a while to make sure the actual minimum is reached.


7. Which Gradient Descent algorithm (among those we discussed) will
reach the vicinity of the optimal solution the fastest? Which will
actually converge? How can you make the others converge as well?

Stochastic is the fastest, batch will converge. The others converge if the learning rate is gradually decreased.


8. Suppose you are using Polynomial Regression. You plot the learning
curves and you notice that there is a large gap between the training error
and the validation error. What is happening? What are three ways to
solve this?

If the model is overfitting then reducing the model polynomial degree, regularizing the values with Ridge or Lasso and increasing the training dataset.



9. Suppose you are using Ridge Regression and you notice that the
training error and the validation error are almost equal and fairly high.
Would you say that the model suffers from high bias or high variance?
Should you increase the regularization hyperparameter α or reduce it?

High bias, reduce regularization.



10. Why would you want to use:
a. Ridge Regression instead of plain Linear Regression (i.e.,
without any regularization)?

When too many predictors, also regularized model performs better than just plain Linear Regression

b. Lasso instead of Ridge Regression?

When want to eliminate some less important variables completely

c. Elastic Net instead of Lasso?

When the number of features is greater than the number of training instances or when some instances are highly correlated because Lasso can then act erratically


11. Suppose you want to classify pictures as outdoor/indoor and
daytime/nighttime. Should you implement two Logistic Regression
classifiers or one Softmax Regression classifier?

Two Logistic Regressions because these are two separate pairs of conditions


12. Implement Batch Gradient Descent with early stopping for Softmax
Regression (without using Scikit-Learn).
